# Minutes for Tues, Oct 18, 2022

## Attendees:

- Robert Roose (Indigo Labs)
- Eric Coley (Indigo Labs)
- Zhao Tan (Fourier Labs)
- Michal Blasko (Wingriders)
- Dewayne - DC (Liqwid Finance)
- Dave Dionisio (Legal & Compliance)
- Adriana Saez (IOG)

## Apologies

- Ethan Protas (Optim Finance)

## Minutes

- Meeting to be moved every 2 weeks.
- Need of Plutus developer into the calls. In the future the WG members will add specific questions so the plutus dev can be invited to the call.
- Stablecoins analysis have been made and have been posted in discord
- USDC is not an option for the moment.(refer to 2022-10-11-Minutes.md)
- Any centralized stablecoin will have a blacklist. a native stablecoin won't exist. 2 ideas to consider:
    - The use of a smart-contract should be evaluated. How much friction will this cause?
    - Look at layer2 when ready.
- Mehen has an interesting solution
- It'd be interesting to see how other blockchains (e.g. Solana) have done the integrations. A Non-EVM chain

## Actions

- Tan to organize a meeting with Paxos
- WG members will let the IO member when a Plutus dev is needed into the call or expertise needed with technical questions. A specific question will be raised in advance so it can be addressed properly. Either written or invited into the call.
- WG members to see how other blockchains (e.g. Solana) have done the integrations. A Non-EVM chain   
- Adriana to find out who Nick met from CIRCLE
- Dave to share blacklisting from circle
- Anita to liaise with Djed to be part of the working groups
