# Minutes for Tues, Jan 12, 2023

## Agenda

- Recap 2022
	- [Open Questions](https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/RlhqNjZUQkFaU1JJWWxiQkpTdmJoN2FMRUdNcURaWEZNN1MxeUJyclRFVVhjRWVhb2dVcm1abUxrckh3RWFpUnwzNDU4NzY0NTE1MDkwMDI5Mjk1fDI=?share_link_id=663187942708)
- Group Resources Overview: Discord, Github, Readme, Charter, Minutes.
	- [Charter](https://github.com/input-output-hk/Stablecoin-working-group/blob/main/Working-Group-Charter-Proposal.md) review and revamp
	- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lyx0EESknhYXGpRtDoLJrFh7IWoh9j0aBPTkrP678Gs/edit#gid=0
	

## Action Items
```
All action items should have an owner noted
```

## Attendees:
Alex
Dave Dionisio
Keith Temple
Matthew Plomin
Anita Jovic
MixAxiM
Demmy
Tan

## Minutes

Anita: facilitate new members invitations;
Alex: [Stablecoin FAQ](https://github.com/input-output-hk/Stablecoin-working-group/issues/16)

Member Introductions;

Discussion:
Keith, Matthew, MixAxiM, Alex;

Action Point:
Write a short article, formulate the oracle problem for stablecoin;

https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/Djed%3A-A-Formally-Verified-Crypto-Backed-Pegged-Zahnentferner-Kaidalov/0089a60c4453473433297308a7438d8c65fa461b





